# Licensing and terms of use for CPIC content

CPIC resources are freely available for use by anyone. All curated content published by CPIC is available free of restriction under the [CC0 1.0 Universal (CC0 1.0) Public Domain Dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/). However, CPIC requests that you give attribution to CPIC whenever possible and appropriate and that you acknowledge:

1. The primary source is cpicpgx.org.
2. Cite the [relevant publication(s)](https://cpicpgx.org/publications/), if applicable.
3. Indicate that CPIC guidelines and content are subject to updates and modifications, and users should refer to cpicpgx.org to confirm they are accessing the most current content.
4. The CPIC logo and acronym may not be reproduced on another website or in advertising materials without the permission of NIH.
5. To cite specific content, indicate CPIC®. URL \[date accessed\].
6. _CPIC Database and API User Agreement_  
See the CPIC Terms of Use, User Agreement here. For content downloaded via the API or from the CPIC database, please indicate the URL, the date accessed, and the date last updated noted in the database.
7. _DISCLAIMER_  
Clinical Pharmacogenetics Implementation Consortium (CPIC) guidelines reflect expert consensus based on clinical evidence and peer‐reviewed literature available at the time they are written and are intended only to assist clinicians in decision making and to identify questions for further research. New evidence may have emerged since the time a guideline was submitted for publication or since data were updated on the CPIC site or in the CPIC database. Nuances about how to use CPIC data are contained in the CPIC guidelines that may not be obvious from downloads of tables from the CPIC database or API; users should consult the relevant guideline pages and read the guideline and any updates before using CPIC data for any gene/drug pair. It should be noted that the CPIC database and API may sometimes be unavailable or may not have been updated to reflect content noted on the guideline page. The date last updated for data downloaded via the API or from the CPIC database should be noted by users and are not guaranteed to reflect the most recently available evidence. Guidelines are limited in scope and are not applicable to interventions or diseases that are not specifically identified. Guidelines do not account for individual variations among patients and cannot be considered inclusive of all proper methods of care or exclusive of other treatments. It remains the responsibility of the healthcare provider to determine the best course of treatment for a patient. Adherence to any guideline is voluntary, with the ultimate determination regarding its application to be made solely by the clinician and the patient. CPIC assumes no responsibility for any injury or damage to persons or property arising out of or related to any use of CPIC’s guidelines, CPIC website contents, CPIC database contents, or for any errors or omissions.

CPIC® is a registered service mark of the [US Department of Health & Human Services (HHS)](https://www.hhs.gov/).
